Huh?
You want to take time off?
Yes.
If we don't take a break now,
things are just going to get crazy again.
So I figured if we're going to go
anywhere together, it has to be now.
That's true.
Once the Christmas collection launches,
taking a long vacation will be impossible.
And you'll need to start
getting ready for Paris soon.
Let's coordinate our days off, then.
Okay.
Anywhere in particular you want to go?
Hmm...
Maybe a hot spring resort?
Hold on, let me look some up.
Hot springs, hot springs...
I was thinking an overnight trip.
Hmm... where should we go?
Maybe Beppu?
Atami?
Or Hakone?
Whoa...
The mountains!
Yahoo!
Natsume-san,
you're way too excited.
It's been so long since I've traveled.
I actually haven't seen much of Japan.
I'm always being sent abroad for work.
I'm the exact opposite.
I travel domestically a lot,
but I've barely been out of the country.
Then let's go abroad next time.
Oh...
Should we grab a bite and take a break?
Sure.
Let's find some local specialties to eat!
Up until now,
I've only ever been on the receiving end
of Touma's affection.
I'll take over the
driving for a bit.
I've never really been the one
to just say "I love you" out of the blue.
So,
on this trip,
I'm definitely going to...
tell him I love him myself.
Thanks for waiting.
Here's your Ramen Houtou.
And the Shingen Houtou.
Enjoy your meal.
We also have the simmered horse offal,
and the simmered chicken giblets.
Wow, this looks amazing.
Let's eat!
Man...
This is so good!
You've gotta try some.
Okay.
This one's delicious too.
Everything is so tasty.
Hey, try a bite of mine.
Sure.
It really is good.
- Let me try yours too.
- Here.
Go ahead.
Wow, the flavor is totally different.
You look so happy.
Huh?
Hey, Touma.
It's getting chilly.
Welcome! A table for three?
Right this way.
We're finally here. What should we get?
I heard the Ramen Houtou
is famous here.
That sounds good.
Not right now.
It's nothing.
Yeah.
Delicious.
"Cosmetic Playlover Season 2"
(Episode 7)
Natsume-san,
what are you eating?
An onsen manju.
What's the filling?
Sweet red bean paste.
It's really good. Want one?
Thanks.
- Good, right?
- Yeah, it is.
We should walk on the side.
The middle is the path for the gods.
- First, wash your hands.
- Okay.
Then rinse your mouth.
And then, wash them one more time.
Here.
Thank you.
You were praying for a long time.
I guess I was.
Let's go get fortunes!
Okay.
I'll go with that one.
This one.
Okay, let's open them together.
Ready...
Oh! Great Blessing!
I got Middle Blessing.
Let's see...
What does yours say?
It says things will work out for us.
What about yours?
Sincerity leads to success.
Nice.
Let's tie them up here.
That road had so many curves.
But I haven't driven in a while,
so it was actually pretty fun.
What's wrong?
Are you carsick?
Yeah...
I'll be fine once I rest a bit.
This room is incredible!
It's huge!
So big!
And it has its own open-air bath!
You're like a little kid.
Is your motion sickness okay?
Yeah.
I'm fine.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Good.
We still have some time before dinner.
Okay.
Let's go to the public bath!
Not right now.
Huh?
If you want a soak,
use the one in the room.
What?
Why?
I mean, I'll definitely
use the room one too,
but we have to hit the big one first!
The public bath is a no-go.
I checked at the front desk earlier.
There's a large tour group using it now.
Oh.
If you want to go,
we should wait until they're at dinner.
Between 6:00 and 7:30 should be fine.
You...
actually went and checked the times?
Of course I did.
Fine, I get it. Don't look at me like that.
Alright, alright.
That gift shop we saw was pretty nice.
- Let's go check it out later.
- Sounds good.
Man, hot spring inns are the best.
I'm so glad we splurged on this place.
Me too.
Ah, this is the life.
Yeah, it feels great.
What should we do tomorrow?
Hmm, I wonder...
Is something wrong?
No.
I was just thinking how nice this is.
It really is.
The bath should be empty by now, right?
- Let's go, Touma.
- Okay.
Oh.
I forgot I still have my earrings on.
I should probably take
them off before I get in.
I think it's fine.
As long as you aren't swimming laps.
Who swims in a hot spring?
Ah...
This feels so good.
Yeah.
Hey.
They have a rock bath, a jacuzzi,
and a sauna over there!
Stop running around naked.
Why?
We're here, so I want to try them all!
I'm beat...
That was a great soak.
Here.
Thanks.
So good!
Are you okay?
Did you get lightheaded?
A little.
Carsick, bath-drunk...
I didn't know you had this side to you.
It's just that you have too much energy.
Touma...
About that...
Let's have a pillow fight!
- Yeah!
- Hey! Get back here!
What?
Nothing.
Oh, it's almost time for dinner.
Should we head back?
Yeah, let's go.
Let's head back.
Wait...
Ah.
I'm so full...
I don't want to move a muscle.
Don't just sit there. Come veg out with me.
Okay.
Wait, here?
I'm sleeping here too.
Okay.
You're hopeless.
Yeah.
You've been really
exhausted lately, haven't you?
Between the training and the events...
Plus the business trips
and the bridal project.
You haven't had any time to actually rest.
Yeah.
But you've been just as busy, Natsume-san.
I suppose.
But still,
everything with Hoshina-kun,
and Yumihara-san...
It's all been such a
great learning experience.
So I think it was worth it.
It was really valuable.
And besides,
after working that hard,
this feels even better.
It makes it all worth it.
You're a great person to travel with.
Huh?
Because your reactions are so over-the-top.
Is that supposed to be a compliment?
As for you,
you should speak up more.
Like when we were picking where to go.
This place is great, though.
There's a winery, a herb garden,
and you can even go fruit picking.
Oh, and I heard there's
a gemstone workshop.
Hey.
Don't you have anywhere you want to go?
I want to go wherever you want to go.
You really don't have a single preference?
Like somewhere you want to see tomorrow,
or something you want to eat?
I want to go where you want to go,
and eat what you want to eat.
Fine! I know you're never going to change.
Where should we go tomorrow, then?
Oh!
What?
I haven't used the open-air bath yet.
The open-air bath!
- Natsume-san.
- Yeah?
Why do you need to bathe so many times?
We're at a hot spring.
What else would I do?
Oh.
I'm going to the public
bath tomorrow morning too.
Didn't you just go?
No, they swap the men's and women's baths.
So I have to try the other side.
I see.
I'll get up early while it's empty.
No complaining!
What are you laughing at?
Nothing.
I just think you look so content.
I'm so glad we could come here.
I wonder when we'll
be able to do this again.
Like...
Maybe I could visit you,
or we could go somewhere
when you come back to Japan.
But you probably won't have much time.
It might be a while.
Going somewhere far away, eating good food,
soaking in the baths,
and just zoning out...
It makes you forget about reality.
Isn't that a good thing once in a while?
We're always so busy.
Yeah...
- Touma...
- Natsume-san...
I love you.
Oh.
You beat me to it again.
Man, that was a blast.
I can tell.
I'll drive.
I thought I was driving?
No, I'm less likely to
get carsick if I drive.
Fair enough.
I'll leave it to you, then.
Okay.
So, where to?
Well, obviously...
Fruit picking!
Which one should I pick...?
This is the one.
Here.
Thanks.
- Let's eat!
- So good!
- It's so sweet.
I'm so glad we came.
I should get some of these for my family.
And then something for the shop...
Let's go with this.
Don't forget to buy
something for the Ginza store.
I know.
I have to get something for Nanjo-san too.
Otherwise, he'll be a pain about it.
A long weekend is pretty rare, huh?
Where are you and Mamiya-kun going?
Must be nice! Where to?
The destination determines the quality
of the souvenir I expect!
Somewhere abroad?
Oh, Paris would be nice!
How about this?
No.
Not if Natsume-san picks it.
He'll be way too happy.
Yeah, let's go with this one.
Hey, what should we do for lunch?
I'm not really that hungry, though.
That's because you
ate so much at breakfast.
You have to eat your
fill at a hotel buffet!
By the way,
actually...
I bought this yesterday.
Can I open it?
Yeah.
Mugs?
One for you to take to Paris.
And I'll keep the other one.
So they're a matching set.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey, Natsume-san.
Yeah?
Should we get rings?
Huh?
So that even when we're apart,
we won't feel lonely.
Yeah.
I want to etch every
moment we spend together
into my heart so they never slip away.
We really are opposites in so many ways.
We fight a lot too.
Yeah.
But I'm still so happy.
Me too.
Let's come back again.
Definitely.
I have to make sure
while I'm still by your side,
that I tell you everything
I've been wanting to say.
Even a moment of shyness,
or time spent being stubborn,
feels like such a waste.
Touma.
I love you so much.
You're blushing.
Shut up.
I'm so happy.
Say it again.
I love you most.
Have you been wanting
to say that all along?
Maybe...
Thank you.
I love you most too, Natsume-san.
Six months left
until Touma leaves Japan.
(Next Episode)
- Mamiya Natsume! - Huh?
Come with me.
Oh no! Touma is going to be
so mad when he sees this.
Do you have any idea how worried I was?
I said I was sorry, didn't I?
You are seriously unbelievable.